RBAC role to create new index (#114450)
Azure/azure-content: articles/ai-services/openai/concepts/use-your-data.md

|---------|---------|
|[Cognitive Services Contributor](../how-to/role-based-access-control.md#cognitive-services-contributor) | You want to use Azure OpenAI on your data. |
|[Search Index Data Contributor](/azure/role-based-access-control/built-in-roles#search-index-data-contributor)     | You have an existing Azure Cognitive Search index that you want to use, instead of creating a new one.        |

> |[Search Service Contributor](/azure/role-based-access-control/built-in-roles#search-service-contributor)     | You plan to creating new Azure Cognitive Search index.        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|[Search Service Contributor](/azure/role-based-access-control/built-in-roles#search-service-contributor)     | You plan to create a new Azure Cognitive Search index.        |
```
